# Capstone-Project
As drug allergies and personalized medicine continue to become complex, advanced techniques in recommending the right drugs are needed. This project suggests a new approach using knowledge graphs and Graph Neural Networks in order to make personalized and accurate recommendations regarding drug allergies. Thus, to represent patient-drug relationships as a dynamic graph that relates patients with drugs and possibly with allergies, Entities such as patients, drugs, and allergies are assigned as nodes and interaction, for instance the patient-drug and drug-allergy, are edges in the graph. This enables building of a robust framework for providing contextual drug recommendations. Using multi-layer Graph Neural Network, the information that is propagated across the graph is enabling the model to learn about complicated dependencies. Consequently, the model can personalize recommendations based on an individual patient's profile. This will improve the relevance and accuracy of the outputs by the model. It aggregates information about features from surrounding nodes by passing messages. Using learned transformations, updates embeddings, and makes the drug recommendations through a final output via SoftMax. It learns and gets optimized using cross entropy with the gradient-based methods that assure accurate and reliable prediction. This work significantly advances the state of drug allergy prediction, toward a more scalable, adaptive, and interpretable solution that tailors the recommendation of drugs to each patient's specific allergy history and medical context.
